Add gather, select, and wait functions (#5165)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/5165.feature.2.rst

> Added :func:`cocotb.triggers.select` to wait for multiple awaitables concurrently and return the first completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added :func:`cocotb.triggers.select` to wait for multiple awaitables concurrently and return the first one to complete.
```
